TOLBECK: Say, can I ask you
a personal question?
Why not?
Do you ever wear
your work shoes
on the weekends?
Why are none of your personal
questions actually personal?
Well, the question is about
your personal life,
so it is
a personal question.
FATIMA :
Car 27. Please report. Car 27.
No, no, no, it's me,
for me, for me, for me.
Car 27.
Hey, how arFATIMA: Fine.
So, no activity, I presume?
CULLEN:
Uh, no activity.
Copy that, dispatch out.
Thought you said
the date went well.
Uh, the date went
Really?ly well.
If anything,
it went too well.
Really? 'Cause it didn't
sound like it.
Oh, no, she's just--
it's a little awkward
back and forth.
She's being coy and...
professional, you know.
This is phase two.
This is the... you know,
this is the dance we do.
I'm loving this.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, man, I mean...uh?
All I can say is, was Venus
in retrograde last night?
I'm thinking it was.
You don't believe
in astrology.
: After last night,
Wow.lieve in anything.
Yeah. Yeah.
It was good.
I couldn't believe it.
If I could get
a memory abortion, I would.
Yep..
So, I booked us
a table for two
Oh.Señor Siam.
Kind of place I wouldn't be
caught dead in.
We're looking at
the menus, and I go,
"Um, here's
a fun game,
why don't we order
for each other?"
And I've ordered him
the dry curry
because he will not shut up
about it--
how it's the hottest dish
in San Diego,
but he can take it.
Well, I was
talking about it to?
and I think she kind of
knew I wanted to eat it.
He takes one bite of it,
and is, like, sweating.
I'm not gonna lie, I was
sweating a little bit.
It was pretty hot.
Breathing really heavy.
He gets really red
e,
and his eyes are bulging,
and he's, like, quivering.
And the waiter comes over, he's
like, "Have some coconut cream."
I'm like, "No, no, no,
I don't need that."
And takes another mouthful
of the dry curry,
and we go through
the whole thing again.
Yeah, it gets worse.
We leave the
restaurant, okay,
and we take a taxi
Mmm. to her place.
And I'm thinking,
"Yes, finally."
But he wants to walk me in,
and I'm like,
"No, I'm tired."
I give him the spiel,
like, "I work in the morning."
The next thing I know,
I turn around,
he's paying the cab fare.
And we walk up to her
Mm-hmm.g, you know.
And we go inside.
The minute we walk in the door,
I get this terrible rumble
in my stomach.
Uh
Yeah.
From the Massaman burrito
Oh...dered me.
She goes straight
into the bathroom,
and she's in there for,
like, 20, 25 minutes.
Just vomiting, and, like,
retching, just getting it out,
and it's... ugh.
I mean, she must've been
fixing everything up
and getting all
Uh-huh.ff ready.
I don't know what she
Yeah.oing in there.
But my mind
was going crazy.
Honestly, I'm thinking,
at least, silver lining:
he's probably gone.
Like, who would wait for,
like, a half an hour,
while I'm vomiting?
. He waits.
I open the door,
and he's still there.
And she looks...
pretty good.
And, uh, then just in
case I did get this far,
I wore my special
T-shirt, under my shirt.
I bought it for this,
Mm-hmm.en's march.
I didn't go on the march,
but I kept the T-shirt.
And then, he...
What
He starts unbuttoning
his shirt,
and his T-shirt...
underneath, it says...
"This is what a
feminist looks like."
Get out of town.
:
Whoa. Whoa.
CULLEN: And we start
making out, you know. We're
going like frisky teenagers,
Mm-hmm.going for it.
All I can remember is, like,
his tongue.
And it was like
a German Shepherd,
like, licking an ice cream cone.
But she's like,
"You know what?
I'm kind of tired."
So, uh, I say,
"Let's just take
it slow, okay?
We've got a long road ahead,
we've got a lot of time."
"We spent a lot of time
tonight in Head Town.
"I can feel that we're on the
way to Heart Town. You know?
So let's take all the
stops along the way."
'Cause all roads
ck Town.
Am I right? Yeah!
Oh, buddy, I'm going
to Fuck Town. Yeah.come!
It was literally
the worst date
I have ever been on.
The worst.
Anyway, we're gonna go to
Fuck...wn, I can feel it.
Yeah. Thanks, man., man.
Oh.ICE: Car 27, come in. Car 27?
Yeah, this is 27.
Go ahead. Over.
Yup, just checking in on him.
Him?
Mason.
Oh. Yeah, he's fine.
He's doing good.
("Happiness, Missouri"
by El Vy playing)
* While away while
someone counts the minutes *
* Happiness, Missouri,
I got to get your mind off *
* By the way,
I told you we were in this *
* Happiness, Missouri,
I got to get your mind off it. *
*
Nice work.
Pretty good hole.
I mean, we knocked that
out of the park.
That's a Rolls-Royce
of holes.
Yeah, we made
pretty good time.
And they're sending some guy
to look at it later tonight.
I don't know, this
guy Pat the Rat.
He's coming by to
inspect the hole.
Remember I told you that?
Okay, well, he better keep
his mouth shut, okay?
'Cause we...
we dug a red-hot hole.
I don't want anyone
talkin' shit about it.
Okay.
What else did I tell you?
Who are you?
:
You're Marco.m Marco.
Si. No. No.rco.
Don't do the voice.
You're No.t Marco.
If they ask you who you are,
No, I was thinking about...
But I, but I want to...
I kind of want to do
a broken English-Italian
hybrid, you know.
: My grandpa,
he drive a gondola. Si.
Si. I'm Marco. :
And then they just move on.
Like, "Oh, don't talk
to Marco, you talk to this guy."
Don't do that. Just be
Marco in your normal voice.
Why? You don't need
Because they hired
me and Marco, so that's who
they expect to be doing the job.
But if they expect
to meet Marco and they meet me,
they're gonna be like,
"God, this guy
is wa more fun
than Marco."
It's not a competition
about who's more fun.
I know.
I'm way more fun than Marco.
Look, they will
kill us...
both... if you're not
Marco, if they find out
that someone else is here,
do you understand?
They will kill us both.
Okay. Fine.
:
I'll be Marco
with a normal voice.
:
Marco. I'll be Marco.
Can I just affect it
that way? I'm Marco.
You're really... you're really
starting to frustrate me here.
Can we meet halfway?
I won't say a word,
but I just get...
I get an internal monologue.
I'm not saying this.
I'm only thinking this.
: Please,
don't ask Marco a question.
His English not so good.
*
ROBERTO: Sorry I had to rest.
Another migraine.
It's cool, man. It's good
for my journey, you know?
Overcame migraines
and gonorrhea,
while digging his way
to America and fame and fortune.
I like that about you.
You're very confident, cabrón.
Just got to bYou do.
It's all possible.
I'm gonna be
a successful comedian.
Be on the talk shows,
"Hey, how are you?"
"I'm fine."
And win an Oscar
and have a beautiful entourage.
Oh, the-the life.
The life, cabrón.
I wish that for you.
I don't think
that comedians
win Oscars, though.
Sure, they do.
Acting's the easy bit.
Nah. No, I don't think
that's true, cabrón.
Sure it is.
Do you know the acting test?
Uh, there's an acting test?
Saying "I love you"
to someone...
and being believed.
You do that, you're an actor.
Yeah. Come on.
go. You try it.
No, seriously,
let me hear it.not my...
No, I'm shy, cabrón.
All right.it a shot.
I love you, eh?
That was terrible.
Come on, really.
I was just shy.
Throw it away.
I guess I love yNo.
Say it and mean it.
I got one. Um...
:
I love you.
Okay.r.
I do. I love you.
Then why are you lying to me?
Because I don't believe you.
Roberto, I love you.
Just say it and mean it.
I-IWe have to
I love you.nel. Come on.
Oh, my God, it's
I terrible. You suck.u!
Why are you doing this to me?
God,ght throw up.
it's hard. Y
You sI will.
Give me a second.
I love you.
That was very powerful,
cabrón.
Yeah. That was acting.
You just shake it off like this?
It was, like, deep inside.
I feel really close to you
right now.
No. You don't have to get weird
about it. It was just acting.
Yeah.
Well, I love you, too.
Yeah, I don't love you.
I was acting.
That'Okay.
Or do I?
*
JANICE: You can't put Mason
in a hotel room overnight.
Because he's a 15-year-old boy,
that's why.
We'll talk about this
when I get home.
Daryl?
Yeah, my fiancé Daryl.
What abouthome.
the well
It was all Mason.
Yeah. He masterminded
the entire thing.
What he did was
he tracked down
Uh-huh. ex-wife Brandi...
...who's in Las Colinas,
doing five years.
So, what he does is
he goes to jail,
tells her that he's doing
a podcast for a school project.
Right? And that
Oh, God. a break...
...in the case that might
prove her innocence.
So, Brandi's telling him all
sorts of things about Daryl--
Mm-hmm.sonal life...
...all this crazy stuff
that he was into, you know.
And, of course,
Mason's all ears.
I mean, she's telling him stuff
Of course.ld never...
...tell a 15-year-old boy.
So, he's taking this
information and he's going
on these gay online chat rooms,
posing as DYeah.
And he convinced a man
who lives on the other side
Mm-hmm.country...
...that he was a gay man, had
him come all the way over here,
and fall in love with him.
And to--
I mean,
to leave his entire family?
I mean, tell me, what other
15-year-old boy do you know
that could pull
something like that off?
Yeah, but what about
Daryl and Mason?
Mm. are they getting along?
Yeah, there's a
lot of tension,
and, you know,
Daryl's always accusing Mason
of being insane.
Says, "He's the devil,
he's a demon,
ruined my lYeah.
"He needs to go to a
psychiatric hospital."
All that kind of stuff.
I mean, I love the guy,
but he just focuses
on the little things,
and he has just... issues
with just letting things go.
You know? And it builds up
and it creates stress.
I think it's time
he sees a shrink.
Mason?
Daryl. Are you even
listening to me?
Why would Mason go see a shrink?
Um...
Bing bong.
ADRIAN:
I got it. Yeah, fine.
I'll just be Marco.
I'm just Marco.
I don't say a word.
Maybe I give a look?
I'll make sure
I check in
with you though. Yeah.
And since we're doing
each other's favors,
I want to get your advice
on a problem I'm having.
No.it about my mom?
In fact, it isn't.
It's about this "woman."
Adrian... I know
you're seeing my mom.
Maybe I'm seeing
another woman.
You can't just say
"another woman,"
when I know you're
talking about my mom.
This woman, all right...
My mom?
It's a woman I'm seeing.
She happens to have one foot
that's larger than the other.
And, oddly enough,
I find it strangely arousing.
Very arousing.
She's a little ashamed by it.
And I'm just... I don't want
to embarrass her.
And, yet, if there's some way
we could... we could
kind of bring it
into the discussion,
we could be so much stronger.
Because of it.
Mm.would really help us.
That sounds like
a real pickle.
It really does.
Yeah.one? I heard you.
I heard your problem.
But that's it
No, I don't have any
advice about your...
It's not... problem.
It's podophilia. We prefer
"podophilia." All right?
And I didn't expect to have
this kind of feeling,
but people evolve.
And here's the thing that
really gets me though, you know?
What
Is that your
No. Toes are gross.
How can you be into feet
and not be into toes?
I'm talking
about a beautiful high arch.
How can we idolize and fantasize
about a woman's breast
and yet, the supple high arch
of a woman's foot
is considered weird?
God, even you just doing this
is one of the most disgusting
things I've ever seen.
Okay,
the options that I
Yes. right now are...
A) you're either
cheating on my mom,
B) you're attempting
to get my mom into some
weird foot fetish thing.
I think we broke the code
on who the other woman was.
Right?
This is great.
This is wonderful.
We finally had a little
locker room banter, huh?
I'm not cheating
on your mom.
I'm not.
Well...
I guess, yeah, I-I
really wish you were now.
Hey, Roberto?
Yeah.
How'd you become a comedian?
Well, you don't choose comedy--
that's one thing.
Comedy chooses you.
For me, it started in my
hometown of Guacajuevo.
The weather is
always 74 degrees.
Everything is ripe,
delicious. And we also had
one thing that separated us
from all the other pretty towns:
Ernesto the Crocodile.
Who's Ernesto the Crocodile?
The largest crocodile
you will ever see in your life.
Ernesto
would swim around us.
We had no police,
but, guess what,
we had Ernesto the Crocodile.
And one day,
during the summer equinox,
Ernesto crawled out
of the water.
The townspeople
parted ways, as Ernesto
headed directly to the center
of the town,
where the church bell rang.
Someone summoned
Esmeralda,
the queen of our town.
Esmeralda was
incredible.
She looked 17, 18,
but, really, she was 85.
She wore
Wow.tiful earrings...
...elegant jewels,
long, flowing gowns,
and Crocs.
Ernesto looked up
and saw Esmeralda.
Esmeralda
approached Ernesto,
placed her left hand
on Ernesto's snout.
Suddenly,
Esmeralda said,
"I think...
Ernesto has a message for us."
She leaned in,
carefully at first.
Ernesto opened
his mouth,
rolled out his tongue,
and bit off Esmeralda's head.
I can hear
the crunching now.
Suddenly,
Ernesto went into a death roll.
And if you've ever seen
a death roll on land,
it's much worse
than it is on water.
And the last thing
to disappear
were her feet.
With her Crocs.
And I told my friend Hector,
"Look,
crocodiles are cannibals."
You see? 'Cause
he had swallowed
No, I get it.'s a crocodile.
He laughed.
And then the next person
laughed.
And the mayor laughed.
Suddenly, the whole town
was laughing.
And I knew
I was not a stain remover.
I was a comedian.
Mason? Mason.
Mason!
Okay.!
Mason.
What?
You good?
No, I'm bored.
You're bored?
You're-- this...
You're in a police car.
It's not meant to being.
exciting, we're meant to
be teaching him a lesson.
Really?
That's what you told me.
You organized this
with Janice.
You.
Right.that's right, yeah.
Yeah.s what it's about.
All right, look, Mason,
we don't want
any more
unsavory behavior
vis-à-vis your mom's
boyfriend, okay?
You don't want to end up on the
wrong side of the law, trust me.
'Cause then you gonna have to
run into people like me.
Yeah, that should do it.
Listen, Mason,
just tell your mom we
warned you not to do
any more of the gay catfishing
Internet stuff, okay?
Cool, that project's
finished anyway.
Good.
MASON:
I've got this other one.
I've been milking Daryl's
thermos of coffee
for the past three months.
Homemade creamer.
Wha
You know...
No, I don't. What do you mean,
"homemade creamer"?
You know.
Are you suggesting
that you are
putting your essence
into Daryl's coffee?
Oh...
Will somebody please explain
to me what's going on?
No!s jizzing in his coffee.
Why?
He's a 15-year-old boy,
he doesn't need a reason.
Oh, that is so gross.
And it's got to be
dangerous, too, right?
Probably burn yourself trying
to put it in the coffee.
Well, I doubt he's putting
his dick in the coffee.
I think he's probably...
He's probably jizzing
in the thermos,
and then Daryl's adding
the coffee later.
Is that what
you do, Mason?
Yeah, there you go.
Right. But that still
must be hard--
nailing it into
a thermos every time.
Unless he does it
into a cup first,
and then pours that
into the thermos.
You know what I'm saying?
Like in his room, alone.
Sure.
Is that what you do, Mason?
MASONRight.
Wow.
You must have to get
up early to do that.
You know, to put it in there
before Daryl goes to work.
Right. Though, you could
probably do it late at night.
Oh, yeah-- maybe you
have to set an alarm.
Yeah. Do you set
an alarm, Mason?
MASON:
Yup.
What, like, 2:00,
3:00 in the morning?
Yup.
Wow.
That's ama-- and
th
How many loads is that?
Three months...
90. 90, probably?
68 workdays.
68 workYeah.
Waking up, every night,
Wow.ing an alarm...
...jizzing on cue--
that's dedication.
And, you know, I'm surprised
Daryl hasn't tasted it yet,
Well, maybe
he's used to it....
I'm sure he is
used to it now,
after 68 fucking
workdays.
In fact, I'm sure if Mason
stopped jizzing in his coffee,
it would taste weird
to Daryl now.
It's like when you switch from
whole milk to almond milk.
Know what I mean?t.
Right.d it at first.
Yeah.ow I love it.
And I'm sure Daryl loves
the taste of his coffee.
That's just one project.
I've got...
Okay, fine! Listen, we don't
want to hear any more
of your projects, okay.
Put your headphones on,
will you?
Side note: good detective work
from us, know what I mean?
Good to flex those
muscles again,
Yeah.now what I'm saying?
Yeah. Cracked the case
Yeah.e jizzy teenager.
ADRIAN:
That's not a dude.
Pat the Rat?
Hey, what up?
I'm Marco.
Hey, they should
call you Pat the Babe,
'cause you're more
of a babe than a rat.
Some hole, right?
Yeah. Yeah, Marco
knows his holes,
and that one's top-shelf.
We weren't expecting a woman,
especially one as
attractive as yourself.
Did Marco cross a line?
I'm Marco, by the way.
'Cause Marco, you know,
he likes the ladies.
ANGUS:
Is there a problem?
The hole must be here.
No, no, it said ten from
that wall, ten from this wall.
Ten meters.
Meters? What the
fuck is a meter?
The metric system.
This is America.
W-We use feet.
And it wasn't specified...
Jesus Christ.
There was no
specification.
Now, Marco is
fucked off.
Because I ruined
these jeans.
These are expensive
jeans, I've been told.
And now they're ruined,
so fuck the metric system!
What
ANGUS: Oh...
The metric system
is a thing of beauty.
It is, without a doubt,
the most perfect
measuring arrangement
conceived by man.
ANGUS: Okay, let's all
just calm down.
Ms. Pat, we didn't mean
any disrespect
to the metric system...
You know, it all...
works together
in such perfect symmetry.
It is complex, and yet,
devastatingly simplistic.
It is virtually binary
with its wondrous design
of zeros and ones.
One milliliter of water occupies
one cubic centimeter,
weighs one gram, requires
one calorie of energy
to heat up by one degree
centigrade, which is...
one percent of the difference
between its freezing point
of zero
and its boiling point of 100.
It has, rightfully,
taken over the world,
with the exception
of Burma,
Liberia and the United States.
But beyond that, it is the
official unit of measurement
for this assignment, and it will
not be disrespected.
Okay. Sorry.
Dig the hole.
Fuck.d.
Did you see how crazy that was?
See how hard she slapped me?
Sh-She did not slap you
very hard, Adrian.
She-- but she kind
of jostled me.
You see the jostle,
Okay.orque?
Can we just dig this
new fucking... metric hole?
I guess she pointed
to here.
I'm gonna go get
the fucking jackhammer.
Hey, I love your mom, okay?
But she was banging.
*
JANICE :
Car 27, please report.
Car 27, over.
TOLBECK: He's doing good.
He definitely learned
his lesson.
Right.
CULLEN:
Hey, uh,
Fatima, are you there?
Uh, no, she's not here
at the moment.
CULLEN:
Oh. Okay. Just, uh,
tell her Cullen says hi.
JANICE:
Mm-hmm. Signing out.
Out.
She's probably in the
bathroom or something.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Mm-hmm.
She's not interested in you.
Okay, I don't need
relationship advice from you.
Thanks, Mason.
All right?
If I need anyone
to jizz in a beverage,
you'll be my first
call, I assure you.
But thank you.
I can tell Mom was lying.
Yeah, Fatima was there,
and she didn't want
to speak to you.
Oh, what?
Looks like you're going
to Fuck Town alone. Have fun.
Whoa!fuck you!
MASON: Fuck me?id.
The little shit--
yeah, fuck you!
I'll take him to Fuck Town.
You want to go to
Fuck Town with me?
Two tickets to Fuck
Town, you and me.
Take it easy, now. to Fuck Town.
Yeah, I'll take you to Fuck
Town if you want to go.
I got two tickets.
Whoa, it's an earthquake.
I'll chaperone you
down in Fuck Town.
You feel that?
Oh, fuck me.hquake.
Okay. All right.
Adrian... all right.
Oh, God.Mason!
MIGUEL: Momma.
Hold onto me, cabrón.
I got you, I got you.
Dios mío!
We got to get up there!
ROBERTO: Hold me.
Hold onto me, cabrón. Hold on!
I love you!
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
*